
#MARKLOGIC TEST PLAN
--------------------

#Intorduction:
-------------
This document includes testing strategy for the search and sorting functionality in an marklogic application.

#Creating environment setup:
----------------------------

1.Create a database and a forest from admin interface

2.Create an application server from the admin interface and select a database for that server in which all the data/documents for this server will be stored
  Server Specifications:
  server name -- NewApp(specify any name for the server)
  root --  /Users/vimal.sharma/app/src  (The root document directory pathname where the files will be stored for this app on your local system)
  port --  8010 (port at which you want to run this application)
  modules -- filesystem -- The database that contains application modules.
  database-- The database name.

3.Create a rest api instance which can communicate with your database created.

4.Create your xquery pages for your application and place them in the root path of the application server.


#TEST CASES:
------------

1.Click functionality on both the radio button should be working fine.
2.Only 1 radio button should be selected at a time.
3.While selecting ascending radio button,list of documents should be sorted/shown in ascending orders(a-b-c-d).
4.While selecting descending radio button,list of documents should be sorted/shown in descending orders(d-c-b-a).
5.Ascending/Descending functionality should not be case sensitive(i.e it should work same for documents name with upper case and lower case).
6.Checking ascending/descending functionality for the documents which are starting with numeric value(it should sort from 0-9).
7.Checking the sorting functionality for document name having alphanumeric value(like "name1","name2").
8.Checking the sorting functionality for document name having alphabets and some special characters(as "name_value").
9.Verifying the search functionality,while searching any pattern it should show list of all the documents containing that particular pattern.
10.After doing search for any word, matching word should be highlighted in all the documents.
11.Search functionality should work from top to bottom.
12.Validating search functionality for numeric,alphanumeric and special characters.
13.Check for the serach limit,upto how many characters should be accepted by the search text box.
14.Searching pattern with space in between them.
15.Check for the condition if nothing matches with the searched pattern(i.e "no result found should be shown").